Alerting: Update docs on using the Prometheus Datasource with the Ruler (#41528)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/unified-alerting/alerting-rules/create-cortex-loki-managed-rule.md

**Loki** - The `local` rule storage type, default for the Loki data source, supports only viewing of rules. To edit rules, configure one of the other rule storage types.

> **Cortex** - When configuring a Grafana Prometheus data source to point to Cortex, use the [legacy `/api/prom` prefix](https://cortexmetrics.io/docs/api/#path-prefixes), not `/prometheus`. The Prometheus datasource is used for supporting both Cortex and Prometheus, Grafana expects that both the [Query API](https://cortexmetrics.io/docs/api/#querier--query-frontend) and [Ruler API](https://cortexmetrics.io/docs/api/#ruler) are under the same URL. You cannot provide a separate URL for the Ruler API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Cortex** - When configuring a Grafana Prometheus data source to point to Cortex, use the [legacy `/api/prom` prefix](https://cortexmetrics.io/docs/api/#path-prefixes), not `/prometheus`. The Prometheus data source supports both Cortex and Prometheus, and Grafana expects that both the [Query API](https://cortexmetrics.io/docs/api/#querier--query-frontend) and [Ruler API](https://cortexmetrics.io/docs/api/#ruler) are under the same URL. You cannot provide a separate URL for the Ruler API.
```
